Phineas
Lin Shao is ready
What do you want to play?
Monkey is ready
Four sixes to hum.
Oops, Yan
Why don't you save some face for Master Lin?
The table is about justice and fairness
If I hide
That is not to give Lingchao face
That being the case
Why don't we gamble big?
Sure, if I win
How about losing Luna to me?
What if you lose?
100 million beautiful
Yuan is willing to admit defeat
OK
I won.
How is that possible?
Ah Fei put up with me for too long
That $100 million
I will still accompany you
Hold on, seal all the doors for me
Not a single fly will fly out today.
I, Lin Shao, live so big
No one dares to stand in my way
Naturally not at South Lake
But the gang is my turf
I'd like to see it today
See whose territory the gang belongs to